Hotfix: add permissions to android live udpates (#8968)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platforms/android/live_updates.md

| Key                          | Description |
|------------------------------|------------|

> | `REST_API_KEY`               | A Braze REST API key with `$ADD_PERMISSION_HERE` permissions. <br><br> This can be created in the Braze dashboard from **Settings** > **API Keys**. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `REST_API_KEY`               | A Braze REST API key with `messages.send` permissions. <br><br> This can be created in the Braze dashboard from **Settings** > **API Keys**. |
```
